Bugfix/enable disable country region reports (#158)
fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_ad_reporting v2.0.1
[PR #158](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting/pull/156) includes the following updates:

## Bug Fixes
- Updated the `get_enabled_packages` macro logic by changing empty list default values to `none`. This prevents compilation errors to disable models when an `include_list` is empty. 

> - This ensures the following models will not compile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This ensures the following models will not error during compilation:
```
